MAGECLOUD-3871: Write cloud.log in debug level to file (#5196)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/env/variables-global.md

    MIN_LOGGING_LEVEL: debug
```

> {: .bs-callout .bs-callout-warning }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .bs-callout-warning }
```

> Doesn't effect log level for the file handler which is debug by default.

Reviewer: The `MIN_LOGGING_LEVEL` setting does not change the log level configuration for the file handler, which is set to `debug` by default.

> Doesn't effect log level for the file handler which is debug by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting for the`MIN_LOGGING_LEVEL` variable does not change the log level configuration for the file handler, which is set to debug by default.
```

> Doesn't effect log level for the file handler which is debug by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting for the`MIN_LOGGING_LEVEL` variable does not change the log level configuration for the file handler, which is set to debug by default.
```

Author: Thank you!
